# Lab4_-Exercises

Lab Exercise 4  Task 1:   Write a Numpy program to test whether none of the elements of a given array is zero.  Task 2:   There are two arrays. The first array, array1 contains the values 45, 67, 23 and array2 contains the values 56, 23, and 89. Write a Numpy program to create an element-wise comparison (greater, greater_equal, less and less_equal) of those two arrays.  Task3   Write a Numpy program to create an array of 8 zeros, 5 ones, 10 fives.  Task4:   Write a Numpy program to add a vector   v   with values 2, 0, 2 to each row of a matrix   m   with values:  [23 45 11]  [12 23 54]  [29 19 34]  [1 23 10]  Task 5:   Write a NumPy program to create a 5x5 2d array with 1 on the border and 25 inside.  Task 6:   Write a NumPy program to find common values between two arrays.  Array1   Array2  [23, 45, 11, 5]   [23, 5, 1]  Task 7:   Perform the following manipulation of the two arrays below: horizontal stacking, vertical stacking; divide the individual array horizontally and vertically.  Array1   Array2  [23, 45, 11]  [12, 23, 54]  [1, 23, 10]  [3, 5, 1]  [2, 3, 4]  [9, 1, 5]  Consider the following dataframe for the remaining tasks  Sample DataFrame : assessment_results = {'name': ['Anastasia', 'Paul', 'Kathe', 'Joseph', 'Linda', 'Michael', 'Matt', 'Laurentine', 'Chirstian', 'Jonas'], 'score': [12.5, 10, 16.5, np.nan, 9, 20, 14.5, np.nan, 8, 19], 'attempts': [1, 3, 2, 3, 2, 3, 1, 1, 2, 1], 'qualify': ['yes', 'no', 'yes', 'no', 'no', 'yes', 'yes', 'no', 'no', 'yes']} labels = ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e', 'f', 'g', 'h', 'i', 'j']
Task 8:   Write a Pandas program to get the first 3 rows of a given DataFrame.  Task 9:   Write a Pandas program to select the rows where the number of attempts in the examination is greater than 2.  Task 10:   Write a Pandas program to count the number of rows and columns of a DataFrame.  Task 11:   Write a Pandas program to select the rows the score is between 14 and 20 (inclusive).  Task 12:   Write a Pandas program to change the score in row 'c' to 11.5  Task 13:   Write a Pandas program to calculate the mean score for each different student in DataFrame
